feat(oauth2): Improve OAuth 2.0 Documentation (#1833)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: setup/security/authentication/oauth/index.md

from your identity provider.  Please read ALL of the documentation on this page as just setting the provider
may not work for your environment.

## Configuration

All of the OAuth 2.0 fields that can be configured in Halyard are detailed
[here](config.md). The documentation on this page frequently refers back to
these fields.

## OAuth 2.0 providers

> In the general case, you’ll need to consult the documentation of your OAuth 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consult the documentation of your OAuth 2
```

provider to determine the appropriate values to put in each configurable field. For
some common OAuth 2.0 providers, specific documentation is provided here.

> If you are using one of these providers, please follow the appropriate link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using one of these providers, please follow the appropriate link
```

  username: user
```

## Restricting access based on User Info

User access can be restricted further based on the user info from an OAuth ID token. This
requirement is set via the `security.authn.oauth2.userInfoRequirements` field, which
is a map of key/value pairs. The values are interpreted as regular expressions if

> if they start and end with '/'. This enables us to restrict user login to specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they start and end with '/'. This enables us to restrict user login to specific
```

> if they start and end with '/'. This enables us to restrict user login to specific

Reviewer: "us"?

Author: I'd moved this from below, so that's pre-existing, but agree it's unclear who "us" is; changed to use the gerund form which eliminates an ambiguous subject.
